hey so we're here at ipfs gam 2019 at
the sci-fi fair and we're here with
Jocelyn from brave browser and she's
gonna tell us what she's come here to
present to demo and tell us in a bit
more about what you're working on a
brave and would I be FS okay so yeah we
are demonstrating the integration with
IPS insight brief so right now we have a
one-click install for IPS company
extension inside a brief nightly so it's
a one-click when you click a taco it
just show up and ask you if you want to
install IBM as companion with all the
permission we are going to granted it
and never you add it just give it a
moment
and we have a experimental mode we are
currently collaborating with IBM St so
we have a mode embedded in Chrome
sockets so what it does is actually
exposing sockets API to our various
companion so it's the word from Chrome
so we could have the ability to use like
TCP API and UDV API for peace agreement
but what it actually does is so wait you
said using TCP and UDP API for other
safety is actually coming from visit a
special its chromecast
he just doesn't expose your doing
[Music]
we're not live my god
let's say they can ask you something
[Music]
yeah yeah okay yeah so we have that
factor the network here is a bit iffy
which is something that we definitely
need to get better at all Frank for his
fuse cases because like basically
everybody here is running an IP FSB here
so you should be able to allow the
internet so it's actually running right
inside the browser Experian in the
browser so I BFS is currently running
inside the brave process yeah so are you
using go it's pure genius
so you don't need a demon or mr. Stover
left right Joslyn is just picking a fire
she just dropped it onto the ipfs
companion age
hello there the crognard' now so you're
so you're so you know it is actually
just serving this file until the IDF has
a network and exposing it as well from
the Gateway itself yes so what any use
cases give them this extension and
making it so seamlessly easy for users
to install ipfs enables what do you
think use case what use cases are our
important it's a good use case for users
but like me yeah users have a web
browser installed so why would you need
to install another application to share
a file with your here yeah
he's like that will be really useful
that's pretty cool so now you get
basically a CID that you can provide
anybody else right and they'll be able
to get this Compton for me because
you're by using those experimental
extensions those experimental API is
you're actually connected to the ipfs
worm over TCP and UDP directly so you're
not a second-class no your closed class
nope right now it's still working for
the progress because right now the
biggest problems we have right now is
Jason Furness
the HD by the far right now discovery
arriving essentially are missing limbs
yes I know that the team has been
working hard are you joining the
community as well
like are you have you been able to meet
you know the team that's actually
building and again on the day s IVFs th
to you here the event are you finding
the event in general a BFS come get to
know folks because we didn't get into
this area so much before joining
yeah so it's the first time that you
meeting people face-to-face from the
ipfs community you know that's that's
also important when you work in open
stores right things can get a bit
impersonal right especially they can get
a bit you know fiery sometimes with
issues and poor requires that you know
you might have a little bit of friction
so always you know I wanted to continue
[Applause]
what are you guys working on right now
and what can we expect to see in great
browser in terms of integration the way
thy bf a celebrity to be in the near
future our future plan here is a dress
right now so we want to make it more
seamlessly like I give us something just
about it
we also looking at maybe adding her
little head below support so it could
recognize either of us MIB is directly
the browser that's more similar the
sleeve so those protocol handlers we'll
be tackling
may be to be directly and attaching
protocol handlers for like streams and
let me to be and so on alright so that's
it thanks a lot for this interview it
was great to meet you Jocelyn and great
to see everything that that Bri browser
is doing with ipfs